For my navy career, I learned a lot of stuff doing six weeks of intensive
electrical training, you learn about motors and shunts and shorts
and opens and switches and valves and thousands of other things. You
don't really see much of it when you're in your job. You know about
it, you've heard about it, if it ever comes up in a problem or a
technical class then you'll be familiar with it, but you don't really
see it, and there's a good reason for that. It's because we do so
much preventive maintenance on our equipment that the times that we
have problems are few and far between. Yes we do have problems but they're
not as complex as you might see in the books that you learn.
That's our job though. Our job is to take on as much information as
we can and have the access to the tools, we have access to like the
books and the procedures that are required to fix the problem when we
hear about it. Knowing about it is a lot different then actually working
with it every single day. So as long as you've heard it then
it's good enough.